Added info about Long term statistics (#19469)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/template.markdown

      type: string
      default: None
    state_class:

>       description: "Defines the state class of the sensor, if any. Necessary to be set to 'measurement' to include in long term statistics. Only possible value currently is `measurement`. Set this if your template sensor represents a measurement of the current value (so not a daily aggregate etc)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Defines the [state_class](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/entity/sensor#available-state-classes) of the sensor, if any. Please refer to [state class documentation](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/entity/sensor#available-state-classes) for which state class, if any, to choose and how it impacts long term statistics."
```

Reviewer: This will get old, maybe we can link to sensor documentation instead.
